340,000 euros how many houses we can
buying with that money is the money that
costs the new special edition for
diane light collectors many of
you will take this waters now
but it is true that there are 340 thousand
euros but let's see what it is that
includes that impressive edition of
collector because to cost more than
five houses have to have something fixed
how far the subject of the
collection editions these text land has
announced a new and expensive edition
for diane like collectors
concretely receives the name of my
apocalypse edition or edition
apocalypse a very high price is
it's about 250 thousand pounds what they come to
be approximately 340 thousand euros at
change as you are listening to what
would come to bed approximately 4
or 5 houses and many of you will think
but who is going to buy this what is
the brainless mind that will invest in
an edition how are you and what is it
it brings to cost so much good money
attentive why
its contents we are going to find with
four copies of the game with boxes
signed metal courses of parkour with
the team of experts amp and sound a
heading to beat the zombie mode with
developers the inclusion of our
face in one of the zombies of the game
night vision goggles and diapers for
adults for when it is done at night in
the game and you know we get pooped
in the pants also includes a
trip to the techland offices where
there will be a party with steve de
zombie and despite all the list that
I just gave sure that many of
you will say but because it costs so much
money this special edition if still
I have not seen anything that really can
cost that good money for the most
eye-catching from this collector's edition
340 thousand euros to change is a cabin
real personalized to look like
the houses and buildings that we see during
the game with garden included and good
this edition is only available
for uk users I say
because surely many of you already
I will be
pulling out the wallet to find where
buy this edition of 340 thousand euros of
diane like curious how much less what
leave this horror action title and
parkour in first person you already know that
in diane like there is a day cycle and
night you have to be pretty
pending because when night falls
the zombies become more aggressive than
never like the users that are
they are becoming aggressive in this
moment because they do not know where to get
the 340 thousand euros that this
diane light collector's edition